Fix links (#263)
2i2c-org/docs: admin/howto/control-user-server.md

   If you both work on the same notebook at the same time, you will just
   overwrite each other's code! The state of the notebook will be that of
   whoever saved the notebook last. There is no Google Docs' style

>    real-time collaboration yet, although [it is coming](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyter-collaboration)

Author: ```suggestion
   real-time collaboration yet, although [Jupyter is working on a real-time collaboration tool](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyter-collaboration)
```
